hi I'm Canuck and you're watching Ready
Steady eat today I am going to show you
how to make hash rounds hash browns are
staple breakfast food in America
basically it is a potato preparation
which is pan-fried it can be served as a
side dish and it goes very well with any
kind of meal so without any delay let me
tell you what all you need two to three
raw potatoes grated 2 to 3 tablespoons
of all-purpose flour that is mega 1 egg
beaten salt to taste half a teaspoon of
black pepper powder softened butter for
pan frying great the raw potatoes and
soak it at least for half an hour in
water now drain the excess water and pat
dry all the potatoes and make sure that
it does not have any moisture in it this
will help in making our hash browns more
crispy mix the egg in it and give it a
whisk now add all purpose flour salt and
black pepper powder now mix all the
ingredients we'll
once you see that the potato is taken
all the moisture at this point of time
just keep the potato mixture in the
fridge for at least half an hour so that
it becomes warm enough to make into
shapes once the mixture is out of the
fridge heat the pan take a small amount
of the mixture in your palm and try to
make a patty out of it now spread butter
on the non-stick pan and place it over
it now repeat the process for the rest
of the mixture and keep it on a medium
flame because we don't want our potato
to become Brown very fast because it is
very raw so it needs some time to be
cooked from inside you can also do this
recipe with power boil potatoes but I
personally like to use the raw potatoes
because it gives a very different
texture if your little calorie conscious
just drizzle some olive oil on it now
you can just check and see if you can
flip it over it takes almost three to
four minutes on each side here we have
used raw potatoes so if you want you can
cover it with a lid to ensure that it is
cooked through just make sure that all
the potatoes are cooked properly just
flip it over and see yeah it's done now
it's ready to serve now it's ready to
eat you can serve it piping hot with red
ketchup sauce that's a perfect appetizer
for tea time I hope you like my recipe
do try it and let me know how it turned
out in the comment section below also
hit the like button and do subscribe to
Ready Steady eat for more such lovely
recipes it's me Connick signing off bye
bye
you